examples: update structure (#123)
scale-it/algorand-builder: examples/asa/README.md

# ASA deployment using [Algorand Builder](https://github.com/scale-it/algorand-builder/)

This project shows how to create Algorand Standard Asset (ASA).
We will create gold and tesla assets. In algob, we recommend to
create assets using a specification file, as provided in `assets/asa.yaml`.

> Each of those tokens are owned by their specific owner accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these assets are owned by their specific owner accounts.
```

> After the creation a third account is opted-in in order to receive the tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the creation, a third account is opted-in in order to receive the assets.
```
